go through my hair it looks me
hello everybody
Denise here with a lovely edition of
talking tattoos with Punk reviews I have
NAT from blacklist Royals how are you
I'm great how are you wonderful we have
like an audience this sucks
I'm gonna start with the obvious
question of please show us your first
tattoo my first tattoo is the one on my
forearm that I got when I was 17 and my
twin brother has the same one
it's like mirror image it's too big of a
wuss to be here by the way Rob he's
intimidated by beautiful women I like
it's a great first tattoo my faded yeah
like the rest of this is like a cover-up
because if the rest faded out so bad but
yeah it looks alright what was under the
other part a really bad version of all
this stuff which is still like not that
good looks great thanks okay well what
is your most recent tattoo my most
recent tattoo is I have a across the
Atlantic tattoo on the back of my arm
that me and my brother and our merch guy
all got after the second time we went to
Europe it's adorable
it is really adorable what is your
favorite tattoo man my favorite tattoo I
don't know I have a misspelled Tom Petty
tattoo that I like a lot let's see it's
right there it's not technically
misspelled but the record has like
torpedoes on the record as an EE and
this is an S and I couldn't get it fixed
so it just is what it is I felt like it
had more character miss about you know
it's endearing yeah exactly
okay is there any tattoo that you have
not had covered up that you hate I'm not
that crazy about any of them
but uh I don't know why I'm laughing
it's not funny no not really I don't
really care they're all fine is there
anything that you want to get covered up
though that you have my favorite tattoo
I don't but my favorite tattoo I have my
dog's name tattooed right there and I
have like the
yeah but I've got like the Norman
Rockwell painting thing what like all
the names marked out and then my dog
there's a Norman Rockwell painting with
a sailor getting names marked out on his
arm you've never seen that Wow
from Kentucky I'm very uncommon I come
from West Virginia I mean that's even
worse remember you'd believe me that I
like Danzig and then I showed you my
tattoo you were drunk you know remember
I don't but I could believe that I did
that I have it on videos though you have
proof that sucks alright that's all I
feel like we can wrap it up a great
interview I feel like let's no I'm just
saying it's great
I don't sort of saying I feel like it
couldn't get any better we may as well
just like put the last nail in it you
know not fuck it up anymore because god
knows what could happen this is Denise
and that goodbye
you